Group opposite boolean task and build options together (#25518)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

The HTML report generated by `CodeNarc` has been updated to produce violation reports with sortable columns. 

> ### Group opposite boolean task options together

Reviewer: :lipstick: This could use a small snippet of output for demonstration purpose.

The console output of the `help` task renders options in alphabetical order.

> For better readability, this has been changed for opposite boolean task options.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For better readability, the ordering has been changed to task options followed immediately by their opposite boolean task options.
```

Author: I'm not sure I understand the reworded text. The ordering only changes for opposite boolean task options, they are only a subset of the rendered options and all other options are still sorted alphabetically.

Reviewer: I agree that with the other changes this suggestion now feels weird. Let's keep it like that it is more correct.

> Disable options are now sorted after their opposite option, for example `--foo` and `--no-foo` are grouped together and are rendered after `--bar` and `--no-bar`.

Reviewer: :lipstick: Let's use real option names instead of `foo` and `bar` in the documentation.

> Disable options are now sorted after their opposite option, for example `--foo` and `--no-foo` are grouped together and are rendered after `--bar` and `--no-bar`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Disable options are now sorted after their enable option, for example `--foo` and `--no-foo` are grouped together and are rendered after `--bar` and `--no-bar`.
```
